Well, everybody here calls me honey, but my name is Eastern of Zadol.
And I was born in Fresno, California in 1919.
I was baptized in 1935, and I thoroughly enjoyed my service to Jehovah.
I became a special pioneer, and then they called me to Gilead.
I was in the fourth class of Gilead that was in 1944.
When I left my assignment as a special, I didn't even know what was the study,
but this was beautiful how Gilead prepared us for what was in the future.
Right after Gilead, we went to Brooklyn, Bethel, for two years,
Esther Lopez and I. Then I was sent to Mexico.
I came in 1947, and I'm still here, so that makes more than 68 years I've been in Mexico.
When I arrived, there were seven Bethelites, and there were 22 missionaries.
And we all lived right at the branch, it was a branch missionario.
The progress in Mexico really is because of the families being united.
And when you get the husband and wife together, then the whole family comes in the truth.
In 1961, Sister Esther Lozano preached to our grandparents.
My grandfather first got interested through the book from Paradise Lost to Paradise Regained.
When I placed the book with his wife, and she gave it to him, he decided that that's what he was looking for.
He says, well, when can I be baptized?
Three visits later, a study was started with the entire family.
And those oldest son was only 13.
He says, I'm getting baptized too, about a year ago he came and brought me a letter,
and told me how happy it was that I had gone to their home and preached to them.
And that was a happy experience of my life.
Today on our family, we are 23 witnesses, spread over four generations.
And now my brother and I are serving here at the Central America branch.
Oh, I forgot to talk about my husband.
He was the branch who overseer at that time.
We were there in the same branch for five years.
We got to know each other, but I didn't pay attention to him because I was always in the service.
And so, but I don't know when he decided he wanted to get married,
because I know that wasn't his goal in life.
And so I wrote Brother Nore and told him if he was surprised to hear that we were going to be married,
then he did write me back and also said, well, this is what he said in the letter.
You're always jolly and talkative when I'm around.
On the other hand, Brother Lozano is so quiet.
I must say it is an interesting combination.
Both of you together can serve him and aid one another in your true worship.
This is one of my greatest treasures is having that letter from Brother Nore.
Then when Rudy died, I didn't dwell on that.
I remember, I made my dedication to Jehovah, and I know that he would want me to put that first in my life.
So I did not really suffer that much about his death because I became even more involved in psilocratic activities.
I'm in the correspondence, but I met work about an hour and a half in the morning and an hour and a half in the afternoon.
And the rest of the time, I'm studying here in the room.
I'm so pleased that I'm still able to go to the morning text and have part in the service.
I have two studies that I conduct every week.
It's such a pleasure to be with people that dedicate their lives to Jehovah.
And that told me to be happy because I know Jehovah and councilmen is precious sons and daughters.
I don't know why, but many of the missionaries have come up to me and told me that I've been an encouragement to them.
And really, they are the ones who encourage me.
It's because I had such beautiful examples to follow in all these years.
And all I can say to you is that thanks to Jehovah for this great privilege of serving him.